Update EYOC help doc and add new pages (#26355)
Expensify/App: docs/articles/playbooks/Expensify-Chat-Playbook-for-Conferences.md

Sounds good? Great! In order to ensure your team, your speakers, and your attendees have the best experience possible, we’ve created a guide on how to use Expensify Chat at your event.

*Let’s get started!*

## Support
Connect with your dedicated account manager in any new.expensify.com #admins room. Your account manager is excited to brainstorm the best ways to make the most out of your event and work through any questions you have about the setup steps below.

We also have a number of [moderation tools](https://help.expensify.com/articles/other/Everything-About-Chat#flagging-content-as-offensive) available to admins to help make sure your event is seamless, safe, and fun!

## Step by step instructions for setting up your conference on Expensify Chat
Based on our experience running conferences atop Expensify Chat, we recommend the following simple steps:

### Step 1: Create your event workspace in Expensify
To create your event workspace in Expensify:
1. In [new.expensify.com](https://new.expensify.com): “+” > “New workspace”
1. Name the workspace (e.g. “ExpensiCon”)

### Step 2: Set up all the Expensify Chat rooms you want to feature at your event

> **Protip**: Your Expensify account manager can complete this step with you. Chat them in #admins on new.expensify.com to coordinate!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Protip**: Your Expensify account manager can complete this step with you. Chat them in #admins on [new.expensify.com](https://new.expensify.com) to coordinate!
```
NAB

NAB: Also, is "Chat them" phrased like that on purpose instead of "Chat with them"?

Author: This was directly from the doc. https://docs.google.com/document/d/15OHoH9i9bipRTsEBi5Pud0m3TK3-i_jhv6emBvRrZqM/edit

cc @LLPeckham

**Prep your announcements:**
- Create a document containing drafts of the key messages you intend to send throughout the day.
- If your event's agenda is broken up into hourly blocks, create a separate section for each hour of the event, to make it easy to find the correct section at the right time.
- Start each day with a review of the daily agenda, such as a bullet list summarizing what's happening hour by hour.

**Post your updates:**
- Designate a team member to post each update in #announce at the designated time.
- Each hour, send a message listing exactly what is happening next – if there are multiple sessions happening simultaneously, list out each, along with a description of the session, a reminder of where it's located, and (most importantly) a link to the chat room for that session
- Write the messages in [markdown format](https://help.expensify.com/articles/other/Everything-About-Chat#how-to-format-text), such that they can be copy/pasted directly into Expensify Chat for sending.
  - If there is some formatting issue upon posting, no problem: just edit the comment after sending, and it'll be fixed for everyone.

> - We’d also recommend posting your updates on new lines so that if someone has a question about a certain item they can ask in a thread pertaining to that topic, rather than in one consolidated block.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- We’d also recommend posting your updates on individual messages so that if someone has a question about a certain item they can ask in a thread pertaining to that topic, rather than in one consolidated block.
```

NAB: You can do many new lines in a single message and it won't allow you to create separate threads

**Protip**: Your account manager can help you create this document, and would be happy to send each message at the appointed time for you.

### Step 5: Share Expensify Chat How-To Resources with Speakers, Attendees, Admins
We’ve created a few helpful best practice docs for your speakers, admins, and attendees to help navigate using Expensify Chat at your event. Feel free to share the links below with them!

- [Expensify Chat for Conference Attendees](https://help.expensify.com/articles/other/Expensify-Chat-For-Conference-Attendees)
- [Expensify Chat for Conference Speakers](https://help.expensify.com/articles/other/Expensify-Chat-For-Conference-Speakers)

> - [Expensify Chat for Admins](https://help.expensify.com/articles/other/Expensify-Chat-For-Admins)

Reviewer: These pages are not ready yet, right?
<img width="1268" alt="image" src="https://github.com/Expensify/App/assets/87341702/c06b5a71-924a-458c-a804-2443958eba69">

Reviewer: Out of the scope of this PR, but the not found page looks pretty broken

Author: yeah we are adding these in this PR. 

We could probably use relative URLs to make life easier but not a concern atm.

## Who you are

> 

Reviewer 2: Does Jekyll cut down on extra spaces? This doc is formatted pretty differently to the other one, with a lot more whitespace before/after section headers, etc.

Author: that's a good question, i can't remember. I'll spin these up locally and get screenshots!
